my name's apps for the referred to me as
a person from Birmingham and born and
bred just work in the mailbox at the
cube and let's have a convex knowing go
back he's here kidding
I probably start going a bit thin around
the crown let's get see from about 2008
I think so a few years looked at a few
treatments creams and taking some
propecia that's it and called it but
it's like a routine thing that I
couldn't you know take all the time and
then I'd stop taking on really and
slowly girl you know getting naturally
to where it gets to then I knew about
this because he they could get done and
we camouflage me a bit and I thought oh
I'll give that a go you know it's
permanent and you stay there's no
treatment involved in taking medication
and so forth so it's more convenient for
me to Venus at give you a try I think at
first when you notice you losing your
hair or because I'm not skin nor
fair-skinned it shines that more black
hair it kind of yeah you have some
sleepless nights or some dreams I come
to you like some panic attack whatever
boy in timing you know you go with it
and you just learn to deal with it I
suppose because it's still there it's
not - it doesn't really affect you that
much so I don't I'm you know he's gonna
take pictures and I'm quite voice a
concern in the back because it some of
the pictures are taken of a club it and
so forth if I cut my hair like this limp
it shines I like a crown showing that
and I don't like that look and when I
keep you sure some of the angles if I
angle my head a little bit get this shot
so okay so I think those things do
bother me a little bit but otherwise in
generally hasn't bothered me that much
or I blow today with the and not to get
too emotional funny I suppose triumph
Lance is pointless because most of my
hair is pretty much thinner on the back
I think people who have transplants
mislead because they're taking hair
molecules from
head leaving a scar some people are
getting big scar as well to the front
and that's not all so long lasting
eventually that would fall out if he got
loads of one in the world I guess he
could have a Wayne Rooney sort of thing
going on with my thirties as depends
what gains a continuance thing but
that's something that wouldn't do no
it's how do you take the medications you
can't keep up with or you go for this
sort of option and I normally keep my
hair short anyway so I said to give this
a go this is probably better thing to do
and you can see that I've pretty much
got most of my hair and what apart from
here just your crayon diamond teardrop
shape you can see that's where it's
thinning when it cut you short
everything that looks okay blends quite
well we're just around here is where the
treatments issues can take place so the
idea is they match the hair color and
also the spacing between the the hair
follicles and the way it grows and just
blend it in really so he camouflages
well with the rest of their hair they
could see I'm off with the pain and
couldn't set back if you bleeds on the
scalp and maybe some people's skin and
be more sensitive than the others I
think I would say my skin he's sensitive
apart from that now I think they're
gonna color much sheet with the
remaining here so it won't be like in
the bit stunned are more blacker than my
other here I think they watching and I
do you the same so hair growth so it
blends in well but apart from that no
I'm not really
you